Add Node annotations for container resources overwrite (#9)
DataDog/extendeddaemonset: README.md

foo-xdj4b-zvss2   1/1     Running   0          10m
```

#### Overwrite container's Pod resources for a specific Node

> The ExtendedDaemonset controller allows to overwrites de container's pod managed by an ExtendedDaemonset for a specific Node, thanks to an annotation that you can set on the Node: `resources.extendeddaemonset.datadoghq.com/<eds-namespace>.<eds-name>.<container-name>={...}`. the value corresponds to the Resources definition in JSON.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ExtendedDaemonset controller allows to overwrite the container's pod managed by an ExtendedDaemonset for a specific Node, thanks to an annotation that you can set on the Node: `resources.extendeddaemonset.datadoghq.com/<eds-namespace>.<eds-name>.<container-name>={...}`. the value corresponds to the Resources definition in JSON.
```
